So we're able to detect that the game is over.
Now it would be nice to also output a summary on the game over screen.
Now we can dive deeper into the styling at the detail output there later for now let's just make sure
that we may be at least output the number of rounds it took the computer to win we're what it means
to win to guess our number.
So number of rounds is something I want to output here on the game over screen and that's of course
a value we need to get from our props because we're managing this number of rounds and the app component
at the end here in guess rounds.
So in the game over screen we get this on props rounds number or whatever you want to name this is up
to you how you named as prop and maybe all the output the number the computer had to guess number was
and then props user number maybe.
So these are two props we now need to set on the game over screen.
Number and user number.
So back in the app component on the game over screen we set Rollins number and user number.
User number of course should be our user number.
We have their user number between the curly braces now refers to our user numbers state here user number
before the equal sign simply refers to the prop we're passing game over stream and rounds.
Number of course is guess Rollins.
So that's the number of rounds it took to computer to guess this.
So this is now forwarded to the game over screen and can be output there.
On the game over screen I also want to have a button that allows the user to restart the game.
So let's add a button here.
And for Dad you need to import the button from React Native.
So let's add a button here and the title of this button could be a new game.
And on a press I well want to start a new game now again the app component is where we in the end control
where the game is running or not where we present the different game screens.
So it's here where we need to change something if a new game should start.
And it would make sense that India app component we therefore have a new function can be defined anywhere
all defined here as a first function because it's the function that allows us to configure a new game.
So maybe you configure new game handler you can name it whatever you want and there.
I expect no arguments.
But I want to set my guess rounds to zero therefore actually we don't need to do this here when we start
a new game because we're definitely doing it right before we configure a new game even so we can set
the guess runs to cedar or.
And by doing that we already ensured that in our if check down there this condition will not be met
anymore because if we set guess rounds to zero it's certainly not greater than zero anymore.
So we'll certainly leave the game over screen and then however we would display the game screen again.
So to see the start game screen again which we want to see because that's the screen that allows us
to configure and start a new game we have to make sure that we also reset the user number.
So the selected number.
So here we can all the set user number to null to reset this to a false social value and now configure
a new game handler resets everything that we check down there.
Hence we should see the start game screen.
Now we just need to pass a pointer at configure a new game handler down to the game over screen.
So all add a prop on restart maybe.
And that points at configure the new game handler.
So now we can use the on restart prop inside of the game over screen but binding it to this button dear
upon a press I want to execute on restart whips as a function without parentheses here because here
I just pointed it so dead on press registers.
This pointer and when partners pressed dysfunction will execute let's give all of that a try.
Let's enter a number 41 maybe and start a game and then lower.
That was fast but well that's OK.
Two rounds.
The number was forty one.
That's correct and if I click new game we're back here.
Let's give it a try 66.
Greater Greater.
Lower.
Even lower.
Greater.
Lower.
Well that's taking long.
Greater writer.
Lower.
Greater.
Yeah.
Fourteen rounds so it can also take longer.
But the main thing is our logic here works.
And that's actually already the finished logic of the entire game.
Now what's not finished however is the overall styling I want to have a different button here.
Want to have different buttons here.
Once use my own fund.
Once use some icons and I also want to make sure that we show a little image on the screen where the
game is over so here.
I also want have a little image.
So these are all the things we'll tackle next.
Lots of styling and image adding to be done.